This is an immortality machine and it's
been going viral lately because it makes
it impossible to kill you if you stand
in it since every time you pop a totem,
you pick up another one instantly. And a
few days ago, I saw this video from
Carves where he points out that after 5
minutes, all the totems will despawn,
making the machine useless. So, he shows
how to build a better immortality
machine and builds this. Not only does
this look way less cool than the normal
immortality machine, but it completely
doesn't work. In the normal immortality
machine, you pick up a new totem the
instant your old totem gets popped. But
in Carve's design, he cycles the totems
through droppers to make sure they don't
despawn, which is fine. But the speed
that the totems are thrown to the player
leaves a four game tick gap where you
can be killed after each totem. So to
actually become immortal, build this.
First, dig a hole like this. Then break
these three blocks. Put two droppers
facing up and then a dropper facing into
this gap. Then put a hopper here facing
into the dropper. Put a hopper mine cart
on top of it. Push a mud block into the
hopper mine cart and put mud around it.
Then build an observer clock pointing
into the middle dropper. Place water in
the corners and put slabs around the
border. Now throw your totems in and
they'll never despawn while making you
immortal.